Add resources to basic/recommended/talks.md (#679)
typescript-cheatsheets/react: docs/basic/recommended/talks.md

- [Create a More Readable React Codebase Using TypeScript](https://youtu.be/nkJbGgieALI?si=IFZZIMEiXz7AsiBv), by Emma Brillhart 2019
- [Advanced TypeScript with React](https://youtu.be/zQfD4ZxxyKA?si=FmrgOq667svX6C9O), by Nikhil Verma 2019
- [Senior Typescript Features You don't Know About - clean-code](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4u97vJqmhM), by CoderOne 2023

> - [React & TypeScript - Course for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJDVKeh7RJI),by roadsidecoder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [React & TypeScript - Course for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJDVKeh7RJI), by FreeCodeCamp 2022
```
